all hello 1 thousand three hundred years
bloom a corpse flower in this
time this event happens in school
monsters and about this need
have a party
everything is necessary for heroines who are released
all katie ribs fun sewn by manchun and
furlong and let's begin with the first
the heroines are like a box
this collection is entangled with prickly
lianami who loved can see
The whole box design is similar to the box
lornaqunessee
which was issued or monsters by
exchange so much just the difference that work
glue the plastic here in front
can kill character name and name
collections of darkness and flowering with reverse
side of the box is depicted
from the heroine in the whole half of the box and
also information about this collection
the substrate that is attached to the doll at all
Lo boxes identical gigantic
the violet plants are the biggest
the flower seems to be waking up full
the package of this box is a doll
comb stand which go inside
also a flower pot that has grown
catherine de meow and the graphics in her hands
also inside
there is a glacier
white lilac hair
purple dress she is the most
like a night flower
the pack is also aged in the violet gamut and and
pink eyeliner and this movie and shadow
very emphasizes her depth of her blue
eye lips are also kept in dark
purple color
But the nose cure from other species
make on pink and of course the front sight
which is on my left
to the side
Catherine's hair is lilac and hidden
blue and purple length below
hair belt gathered in ponytail and bangs
credited to god also hair
sticks blue rim on
which depicts a flower with two
smiles on his hand two bracelets in the form of
straps and on the neck with a salad and a bow with
bell and now let's consider
a closer and wonderful asymmetric dress
lilac true purple
flowers
the top is made in the form of a mesh on which
attached flower that made her
the words kozhzamy train dark blue
decorative also the board has 2 under the skirt
which is made of blue material
also like a flower pattern
and you are another reason for delight
decoration on the legs repeated top on
Only a single head compare in
the light they are the purple shoes
blue color with a floral pattern look and
heels resemble the bark of a tree as a whole
the shoes look very gentle and spectacular
which hero of the darkness and bloom series
beautiful and harmonious
data doll is one of my favorite
dolls and from the school of monsters
our next review we will look at and
same purpose of gloom bloom but already
and another heroine jane will then
subscribe to our channel put
likes and see you soon bye bye